[CUBRIDMAN-216] Add manuals for system parameter 'enable_memory_monitoring' and memmon utility (#517)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/admin_utils.rst

            File Name                                                                                           |     Memory Usage(Ratio)
            storage/page_buffer.c:4977                                                                          |           525315 KB( 56%)
            transaction/log_page_buffer.c:584                                                                   |           262147 KB( 28%)
            ...

When **cubrid memmon** is executed, it displays the following information: the name of the database being operated by the server process, the total amount of heap memory in use by the server process, the amount of heap memory used for storing meta information for monitoring, details of all allocations including file name and line number, current memory usage, and the ratio of memory usage compared to the total heap memory usage of the server process.

The meaning of each column displayed by **cubrid memmon** is as follows.

    *   File Name : Location and line number where the allocation occurred
    *   Memory Usage(Ratio) : Heap memory usage (Ratio compared to the total heap memory usage of the server process)

.. note::

>                 **cubrid memmon** includes all allocations occurred at any given point in time for tracking purposes, even if the current memory usage at that point becomes 0 dut to the deallocation of all heap memory allocations made at that point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                **cubrid memmon** includes all allocations occurred at any given point in time for tracking purposes, even if the current memory usage at that point becomes 0 due to the deallocation of all heap memory allocations made at that point.
```

        cubrid flashback --oldest demodb dba.tbl

.. _memmon:

memmon
---------

> The **cubrid memmon** utility prints the heap memory usage currently allocated to the server process. When the system parameter **enable_memory_monitoring** is set to *yes*, the server memory monitoring module tracks and manages total usage of heap memory and detailed memory allocation information based on the CUBRID source code and line information where memory allocation occurs. This allows users to check the current state of the server's heap memory usage at the time the utility is executed. ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **cubrid memmon** utility prints the heap memory usage currently allocated to the server process. When the system parameter **enable_memory_monitoring** is set to *yes*, the server memory monitoring module tracks and manages the total usage of heap memory and detailed memory allocation information based on the CUBRID source code and the line information where memory allocation occurs. This allows users to check the current state of the server's heap memory usage at the time the utility is executed. ::
```

    cubrid memmon [option] database_name

*   **cubrid**: Integrated utility for CUBRID service and database management.

*   **memmon**: A utility that provides information of heap memory usage on the server process.

*   *database_name*: The name of the database to check the heap memory usage status.

The following example shows the result of executing "cubrid memmon demodb".

::

    ====================cubrid memmon====================
    Server Name: demodb
    Total Memory Usage: 935240 KB (for meta info: 470 KB)
    -----------------------------------------------------
            File Name                                                                                           |     Memory Usage(Ratio)
            storage/page_buffer.c:4977                                                                          |           525315 KB( 56%)
            transaction/log_page_buffer.c:584                                                                   |           262147 KB( 28%)
            ...

> When **cubrid memmon** is executed, it displays the following information: the name of the database server, the total amount of heap memory in use, the amount of heap memory used to store meta information for tracking and managing allocated heap memory, and the detailed items including the memory usage and usage ratio at each file and line[file:line] where heap memory allocation occurred, sorted by usage. If the --disable-force option is used to forcibly stop the memory monitoring feature, error message will be output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When **cubrid memmon** is executed, it displays the following information: the name of the database server, the total amount of heap memory in use, and the amount of heap memory used to store meta information for tracking and managing allocated heap memory. Detailed items include the memory usage and usage ratio for each file and line [file:line] at which heap memory allocation occurred, sorted by usage. If the --disable-force option is used to forcibly stop the memory monitoring feature, an error message will be displayed.
```

The information output by the **cubrid memmon** utility has the following meanings.

    *   Server name : The name of database

>     *   Total Memory Usage : Total amount of heap memory in use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *   Total Memory Usage : The total amount of heap memory in use
```

>         *   for meta info : The memory usage of the metadata used to track and manage the total heap memory usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        *   for meta info : The memory usage of the metadata used to track and manage the total heap memory usage
```

>     *   File Name : Name of the CUBRID source code file and line number where the heap memory allocation occurred

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *   File Name : The name of the CUBRID source code file and the line number where the heap memory allocation occurred
```

>     *   Memory Usage(Ratio) : Heap memory usage (Ratio compared to the total heap memory usage)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *   Memory Usage(Ratio) : Heap memory usage (ratio compared to the total heap memory usage)
```

.. note::
               To record the history of heap memory allocations, the point at which heap memory is deallocated and the current memory usage becomes 0 is also included in the output of **cubrid memmon**.

> The following are the [option] used by **cubrid memmon** .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are the [option] used by **cubrid memmon**.
```

.. program:: memmon

.. option:: -o, --output-file=FILE

>     Option to save the result of the utility execution to a specified file. If the **-o** option is not specified, messages will be displayed on a console screen. ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Option to save the result of the utility execution to a specified file. If the **-o** option is not specified, messages will be displayed on the console screen. ::
```

        cubrid memmon -o memory_usage_output demodb

.. option:: --disable-force

>     Option to forcibly disables the memory monitoring feature. If the memory monitoring feature is forcibly disabled, **cubrid memmon** utility will not display the server's heap memory usage. To resume tracking memory usage, the server must be restarted. ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Option to forcibly disable the memory monitoring feature. If the memory monitoring feature is forcibly disabled, the **cubrid memmon** utility will not display the server's heap memory usage. To resume tracking memory usage, the server must be restarted. ::
```
